after the 1-1 draw against Boca
to marcelo gallardo at a conference
press I think you can not evaluate
too much the situation
climate of the playing field on all
things
It was very difficult to play two teams
they tried to try to play for
up to try to put the ball in
rival field and from there generate
any situation that could cause the
defensive mistake and I think it's the
only way to analyze a game of
these characteristics beyond all
what happened in the game after
you can count the situations
that were generated in favor and against
since the game can not be analyzed
too much but out there if we count
the situations that have been generated
through the little that could play
I believe that
that we went at least we got
some more situations of power
complete she had 60 thousand people in
the court was a situation something
complex for those who had to
they decided
the ball
beyond that he could not roll in
in all fields could play for
up did not do that did not give us the
show obviously and good I have left
that feeling of
that if we have been in conditions
normal the party could have been
much better and I think it would have been
much more favorable to us such
long time but no match very
complicated for the referee too
not for god easy to handle
is a team of two teams inside that
battle
and they take off with a lot of risk their physical
it's an easy one for arrest
and beyond the mistake that out there
I think it gave the feeling that there was
been criminal
in motion until I thought there was
been criminal because the movement is clear
with your hand but after finishing
it is possible that it was wrong
then in a goal of ours we have to
deponen a sanchez center
I do not think there were not but say
that is wrong also line has
raised the flag I think that also
There is a wrong but good final
the referees are wrong and we
also make mistakes and everyone
is wrong and in these games still
much more, not because they are at the limit and
juana
Y